Part I
1) make a directory called first
> mkdir first

2) change directory to the first folder
> cd first

3) create a file called person.txt
>touch person.txt

4) change the name of person.txt to another.txt
> mv person.txt another.txt

5) make a copy of the another.txt file and call it copy.txt
> cp another.txt copy.txt

6) remove the copy.txt file
> rm copy.txt

7) make a copy of the first folder and call it second
> cp first second

8) delete the second folder
> rm -rf second

Part II

1) What does the man command do? Type in man rm. How do you scroll and get out?
The man command is the manual to learn about the different commands. You scroll by clicking the "enter" key and get out by hitting the "q" key.

2) Look at the man page for ls. What does the -l flag do? What does the -a flag do?

-l: (The lowercase letter ``ell''.)  List in long format.  (See below.)
    If the output is to a terminal, a total sum for all the file sizes
    is output on a line before the long listing.

-a: Include directory entries whose names begin with a dot (.).

3) How do you jump between words in the terminal?
Contols + left or right arrow keys

4) How do you get to the end of a line in terminal?
Control + e

5) How do you move your cursor to the beginning in terminal?
Control + a

6) How do you delete a word (without pressing backspace multiple times) in terminal?
Control + w

7) What is the difference between a terminal and shell?
Terminal is the skekeleton that holds the shell. The shell is the actual program that runs the command script.

8) What is an absolute path?
Absolute path is the command that starts from the root directory -> / <-.

8) What is an relative path?
Relative path is a command or path that starts from the user/folder.

9) What is a flag? Give three examples of flags you have used.
A flag is added instructions to a commnad. For example, 

1) rm -rf
2) ls -a
3) ls -l

10) What do the r and f flags do with the rm command?

The r flag with rm: -r	Permits recursive removal of directories and their contents when the File parameter is a directory.
The f flag with rm: Does not prompt before removing a write-protected file.